So sometimes you have enough
points that when they
all appear close together you
can't really differentiate them.
And leaflet has a pretty
nice solution to this and
that's to cluster them together and in a
different resolution they'll break apart.
So let's go through
an example like this and
I think you'll see
immediately why it's useful.
Okay, so let's just go through the code.
Let's define a data frame
with 500 latitude and
longitude points that are kind of
close together, okay?
And then, I'm going to take my data frame,
and pass it as the argument to leaflet.
Then I'm going to pass the output of
the leaflet evaluated at the data
frame to the addTiles command.
And then I'm going to pass the output
of that to the add markers command and
then it's just going to have
default cluster options, okay.
There we go and look at that.
Now we see the cluster in it.
It gives you the number of
points in this cluster.
So let's look at this big one.
Actually, I want to do this 96 one
since it's, see, there you go.
It's right in the center of Baltimore.
Look at that.
Zowie!
That's cool.
Okay, see how they all bunch back
together at different resolutions?
There is all 500 of them,
they're all in Baltimore.
And as I zoom in,
I could just do this forever.
Okay, all right,
now let's move onto the next thing.
Since it's really quick I'm not
going to really introduce it.
Instead of adding clusters or
standard pop-ups, you can add circles.
And the way to do that is just add circles
markers, see this command right here.
Okay, so let's do the same thing.
Here we're just going to do, A couple
of 20 markers that we're going to add.
And then we're just going to
add circle markers.
Okay, and there they are.
And see now they look like little circles.